adding bytesize variantcatalogue (#1571)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2023/bytesize_variantcatalog.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: variantcatalogue'
subtitle: Solenne Correard, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada
type: talk
start_date: '2023-02-21'
start_time: '13:00 CET'
end_date: '2023-02-21'
end_time: '13:30 CET'
location_url:
  - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize: variantcatalogue

This week, Solenne Correard ([@scorreard](https://github.com/scorreard)) is introducing us to the nextflow pipeline `variantcatalogue`. Though not an nf-core pipeline (yet), `variantcatalogue` is using nf-core derived material to aid in the creation of the pipeline.

> The variant catalogue pipeline is a Nextflow workflow designed to generate variant catalogues, a list of variants and their frequencies in a population, from whole genome sequences. More information on the pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/wassermanlab/Variant_catalogue_pipeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variant catalogue pipeline is a Nextflow workflow designed to generate variant catalogues (also called variant libraries): a list of variants and their frequencies in a population, from whole genome sequences. More information on the pipeline can be found [on Github](https://github.com/wassermanlab/Variant_catalogue_pipeline) or in the [associated preprint](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.10.03.508010v2).
```
